so you can see that bring up a drum
pattern is very very easy here just
press track and assign a drum pattern to
it but you're looped patterns don't have
to be pre-recorded loops you can
actually record loops onto any open
track check this out
from the main screen here we'll go back
to the top and we'll arm track eight
it's going to be fed this guy right here
we'll bring up the levels and I'm going
to add some hand percussion to this drum
pattern that's going to be playing along
on tracks one and two so we're going to
be recording a live microphone in time
with this guy here we go okay we'll go
back to the top play that back and then
I start playing right on the top of
measure three now here's what we're
going to do track you can see the track
eight is playing back this file that's
the recorded file we just did right
little mono wav file now follow along
here we go down to the next one here if
you're not sure we are let me go back to
the very top and we'll press track and
it's the second one down here loop turn
that on okay once that's turned on press
Enter and you can see the loop is turned
on for this particular track at this
point and for this length of time so
here's what we do we go down to the
position and hit enter and check it out
I mean this is like you know a high-end
sampler here we can go through and we
can zoom in and out at this waveform
this doesn't change the volume but if
you've got a fairly low waveform we can
easily see the spikes here so I don't
need to zoom in here
but here's the deal we want to go over
to position here and check it out
because I played this in time with my
drums I know that I want the beginning
of this loop I don't want it to be at
the beginning right I wanted to advance
that so that it starts right at the top
of measure three for a number of
measures so I could bring that all the
way back and say I want that to be two
measures long so you can see it starts
at three and it's going to be two
measures long and let me exit out of
that and hear how that sounds so we'll
hear everything play back remember track
1 is in fact linked to 2 it's playing
back a built-in drum pattern and then
track 8 is my hand percussion that is
looped around and check them out they
play all together and that loops around
and loops again so they'll just loop all
day long perfectly in time in fact that
loop I could have done a little cleaner
but you kind of get the idea and we can
adjust the level of these guys how cool
is that I do realize that that loop
could be a guitar riff or a bass line
basically anything you record just armor
track record a minute or two of
experimentation then set it to loop over
just a few measures or maybe even 16
measures whatever you want very very
cool
this is very powerful for those of you
who use a loop based production you can
regularly pay hundreds or even thousands
of dollars for a sampling loop based
production workstations that they can do
this kind of stuff so the last of three
different audios is loops through USB so
break out the USB key that came with
your r24 and will plug it into the
right-hand slot